docs: 817 fix docker quickstart examples (#850)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/pages/cluster-maintenance/cluster-balancing.adoc

```bash
curl -X PUT -d '{"state": "active"}' http://127.0.0.1:9644/v1/features/node_local_core_assignment
```

xref:24.3@ROOT:upgrade:index.adoc[Upgrade to 24.3 or later] to use this feature for production clusters.
====

In Redpanda, every partition replica is assigned to a CPU core on a broker. While Redpanda's default <<partition-replica-balancing,partition balancing>> monitors cluster-level events, such as the addition of new brokers or broker failure to balance partition assignments, it does not account for the distribution of partitions _within_ an individual broker. 

> Prior to this version, this meant that some cores on a broker could inadvertently host many partitions of heavily-used topics and cause the CPU to be xref:manage:monitoring.adoc#cpu-usage[overburdened]. Additionally, when the partition rebalance moved some partitions away from a broker, the remaining partitions did not necessarily rebalance across the broker's cores. Or, if a broker's core count was increased, Redpanda did not assign any partitions to the new cores until new partitions were created or old partitions were moved out.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this. It’s something that should have been explained in release notes rather than being part of the doc. Users don’t typically care about what a previous version used to do unless they’re reading release notes.

Starting in this version of Redpanda, topic-aware intra-broker partition balancing allows for dynamically reassigning partitions within a broker.  Redpanda prioritizes an even distribution of a topic's partition replicas across all cores in a broker. If a broker's core count changes, when the broker starts back up, Redpanda can check partition assignments across the broker's cores and reassign partitions, so that a balanced assignment is maintained across all cores. Redpanda can also check partition assignments when partitions are added to or removed from a broker, and rebalance the remaining partitions between cores.

> NOTE: Decreasing the number of CPU cores in a running cluster is supported from v24.2 only, and requires that you enable `node_local_core_assignment` as described in the previous note. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Decreasing the number of CPU cores in a running cluster requires that you enable the `node_local_core_assignment` feature flag.
```

Starting in v24.2, topic-aware intra-broker partition balancing allows for dynamically reassigning partitions within a broker.  Redpanda prioritizes an even distribution of a topic's partition replicas across all cores in a broker. If a broker's core count changes, when the broker starts back up, Redpanda can check partition assignments across the broker's cores and reassign partitions, so that a balanced assignment is maintained across all cores. Redpanda can also check partition assignments when partitions are added to or removed from a broker, and rebalance the remaining partitions between cores.

> NOTE: Changing the number of CPU cores in a running cluster is supported from v24.2 only, and requires that you enable `node_local_core_assignment` as described in the previous note.

Reviewer 2: @daisukebe @wzzzrd86 for this note are we referring to a _manual_ change in number of cores? I am not sure if there is some process that can dynamically change the number and if so, if that's worth mentioning.

Reviewer 3: @kbatuigas Yes, this is meant to be a manual change in number of cores. To be clear, the general step is below:

* Stop a broker, which originally uses 10 cores.
* Start the broker with specifying 9 cores (whatever).

This has not been working as expected (broker used to fail to start with decreasing the number of cores) since beginning but this just works today.  Does this answer your question?

> NOTE: Changing the number of CPU cores in a running cluster is supported from v24.2 only, and requires that you enable `node_local_core_assignment` as described in the previous note.

Reviewer 4: Increasing has always been supported (but additional cores were initially idle).

Decreasing has not been supported until 24.2 (with the flag enabled).

Also, since 24.3 the flag will be enabled automatically.
